---
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# FAQ

## General

### What does the maturity date mean?

Each PT and YT has an maturity date. For PT, you can redeem the full underlying yield-bearing token after this date. For YT, the yield of the yield-bearing token is only accrued up until the maturity date, after which YT has no value.

### What is the difference between FrostEnd Earn and FrostEnd Trade?

FrostEnd Earn and Trade run on the same set of contracts and use the same tokens.

FrostEnd Earn is streamlined to perform the two main functions that are predicted to have the highest traffic (Fixed Yield and Liquidity Provision) in order to create a better UX for the majority of users.

FrostEnd Trade gives users the full suite of functions on FrostEnd allowing users to trade yield by buying and selling PT and YT.

You can switch between the two modes using the toggle at the top right corner of the app.

### What is an epoch?

For FrostEnd, an epoch is exactly one week. Each epoch starts and ends at Thursday, 00:00 UTC.


### Why is the Underlying APY shown on FrostEnd differ from the APY shown in the underlying protocol?

The Underlying APY displayed on FrostEnd is a 7-day average of the underlying protocol (with some assets like GLP as exceptions) to smoothen out short-term fluctuations of the underlying protocol's APY.

## Liquidity Provision

### What do I receive in return for providing liquidity?

* Swap fees generated by the pool
* FROSTEND incentives
* Protocol incentives emitted by the underlying asset (e.g. $COMP, $AAVE)

### Do I have to stake my LP to earn rewards?

No, you do not have to stake LP tokens. All LP token holders will receive their fair share of the rewards.

## Security

### Is FrostEnd audited?

The FrostEnd codebase has been fully audited by reputable auditors and all flaws have been addressed. Read the audit reports [here](https://github.com/umi-ag/frostend-core-v2-public/tree/main/audits). Nonetheless, users are advised to exercise caution and deploy funds prudently.

### What risks are there associated with using the protocol?

Since FrostEnd interacts with third-party protocols and contracts, there is inherent risk associated with the smart contracts and systems deployed by the third-party protocols. FrostEnd is not responsible for any funds lost due to exploits in third-party contracts.
